my mother made an amazing amount of
noise when she ate her food sometimes I
just couldn't stand her I know what is
best for you because I am your mother
I'm not gonna see your future is some
nothing girl in nothing town I have a
job teaching in the Los Angeles school
system you know I'm good job in the once
Angeles School District I have an
interview and a great outfit sweetie are
you alright
I miss everyone in B city so much I miss
Wisconsin baby nobody misses Wisconsin
all I wanted was an ordinary life did
they throw out that furniture is that
garbage for living with my mother oh
honey let me help you here that's a girl
don't scratch the car that would never
happen she's crazy
know that we're in Beverly Hills maybe
you should change your name to Heather
they look like they're going to the
beach the intelligent girls are inside
what kept me going was knowing that one
day I would leave her wow thing if he
asked you out again I hope you'll go you
might have fun he is not my type I'm not
asking you to even sleep thank you you
run good good for me why do you read a
book you want to feel my pulse it's
beating really fast not beating boom
boom boom boom you're not having sex
with anybody are you
but just because she gave me like
doesn't mean she's gonna let me have one
when I graduate next year I want to go
to college back east over my dead body
okay it hasn't been perfect well I'm
sure it's not easy burrito she's telling
me that I have to let her go if I could
just get the driver's license and
registration please
[Music]
20th Century Fox presents the story of a
mother we're more like sisters and a
daughter
you look alike you too mother you on
your own let me live my own life
even if she's ruining your life there's
something about my mother some romance
some power honey we're gonna make it
work
[Music]
anywhere but here this is like being
kidnapped you don't understand that do
you that was somebody who kidnapped me
when I was your age
[Music]